# GUI1-HW5

GitHub Repository

https://github.com/TruongHuynh01981340/GUI1-HW5

GitHub URL

https://truonghuynh01981340.github.io/GUI1-HW5/

Truong-Thinh Huynh

My scrabble game I believe is almost or completely completed properly based on the rubrics. However, there are some bugs that I have found during testing. My game correctly randomizes 7 draggable tiles with random letters when the game starts or when the user hits the Restart button. Each of the 7 draggable tiles are able to be dragged and dropped onto the game board tiles or the tile rack tiles. The game is also able to correctly identify which letter is dropped onto the game board and with proper order too. This means that if you were to place a letter before every other letter, it will appear before everything else when printed out for the user to see the word. My game board also properly includes two bonus multipliers of DOUBLE LETTER SCORE and it also properly calculates the score by multiplying the letter value by 2 when placed onto the multiplier tile. However, I do not have an implementation of the DOUBLE WORD SCORE, but I should fulfill two bonus squares requirements with a DOUBLE LETTER SCORE multiplier. Additionally, the game correctly tallied up the score everytime the user dropped a letter onto the game board, this also includes properly calculating the multiplier. This also means that if the user removes the letter from the game board and drag it back to the game board, it should also decrease the score properly. My scrabble also allows the user to play 1 letter or all 7 letters and the user can refill their letters based on how many letters they used. The game allows the tiles to be cleared from the game board when either the user hits Restart or Next. And when clicking Next, the game will automatically refill the tiles that are placed with new randomized tiles while keeping tiles that didn’t play with the same letter. The game also correctly keeps the score everytime the user hits Next to play a new word until they hit Restart, which will reset the score and all gaming components, which includes the remaining-tiles per letter. My game also properly allows the user to only drag the tiles to the game board, and will bounce back if dropped anywhere else. Additionally, once the tile is on the game board, the user is still able to drag the piece from the game board to the rack. And most importantly, the game knows to only allow the user to drop the tile anywhere on the gameboard when it’s the first tile vs the additional tile, which will be checked for adjacency or else it will bounce back to the rack if failed. Lastly, and yes, the user is able to Restart the game at any time they want, and it will properly move all the tiles back and reset all UI components.

Here’s some of the bugs that I’ve found, in the rack, the draggable tiles can snap on top of each other if the user didn’t drag the tile to an empty tile. The game will still work fine and all the player has to do is just drag one of the tiles to another empty spot so they can see the other tile. Second, once you snap the draggable onto a valid location on the game board, the tile won’t bounce back if dropped until it’s placed back onto the rack. This is all the bugs that I have found so far during my testing, and these bugs doesn’t seem to cause the rubrics requirement of the program to fail. 
